Tell me about yourself.
First of all, thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself in front of you

my name is ritik gupta .i am from agra.i have complete my 10+2 from SVM INTER COLLEGE fatehabad.
currently i am pursuing b.tech in computer science and engineering from gla university
i did internship from TCR innovation in which i worked as front end developer .i worked upon a project named rakt sangrahalay which is a online blood bank management website.
in which we developed hospital section blood bank sectoin and donor section and our webswites helps users to get blood from blood bank and sometime direct donor 

why gla
because it is the one of the best university in last few years placement record of the university is good 
the infrastructure of the university is also good i heard that faculty of the university are from iit and nit 

why cs
modern er

who is ritik 
ritik is an energetic person, and a quick learner.

Why do you want to work for us?
i want to join your company because I want to work in a reputed company
As I am a fresher, I don't have any experience I am looking for a company,related to my field where I can apply my knowledge and skills that, 
I have gained during my college days.
your company will be the best opportunity for me to learn new technologies and gain experience
Your company is promoting and allowing young minds to grow with a supportive back.
so, I see a good career start in your company where I will work passionately.

Why should I hire you?
as i am a fresher i dont have any experience ,if you give me this oppurtunity i will enhance my knowledge and skill
I learned theoretical and looking for a platform to prove my skill,I will put my all afford for the good progress of my organization 
so if you hire me I will do my best

What are your strengths and weaknesses?
My strength is that I\'m easily adapted to the new working environment,try to learn new things nd skills, and a self-disciplined person.
My weakness is that I trust people easily and I cannot say "NO" to anyone if asked for help so some people have taken advantage of it

What is the difference between hard work and smart work?
Hard work means more input and less output.
Smart work means less input and more output.

Can you work under pressure?
Yes, I can work well under pressure, I keep myself calm and focus on the pending work

How do you feel about working nights and weekends?
I will finish my work within the working period.
But, if there is a need to work at the weekends for the growth of the company then I will surely do this for the company.
But every weekend, I will not be able to work because I have to spend time with my family also.

What are your goals?
My short-term goal is to work in a reputed company and improve my skills. And my long-term goal is to achieve a good position where I am working.

What motivates you to do good job?
I want to see my parent happy If I AM in a good position.then my parents feel proud and happy that motivates me a lot

What makes you angry?
If I am not able to perform according to my expectations that makes me angry

Give me an example of your creativity.
Some people think that doing different things is creativity.
But I don't think so. My father taught me, that don't do different things just do things differently, and this is creativity

Are you ready to relocate?
Yes, sir, I am willing to relocate anywhere. It gives us chance to work with new people where we can improve our skills and learn new thing